The Odin Project #6 - Tic Tac Toe

3/6/2021 - In this project, I am being introduced to some new concepts... mainly using modular programming in Javascript, and function factories as opposed to classes/constructors. So far, board is up and running and players can take turns placing an X and a O. However, it still doesn't alternate turns properly after a few tries so this needs to be fixed.

3/8/2021 - First version complete. Basic gameloop works and everything is ticked off in terms of functionality and basic layout/design. Winning message appears at top, or a tie message depending on the result with an option to click a link to play again. Next I will do some refactoring and cleaning up.

3/11/2021 - Fun sounds added for victory or draw and color added for victory highlighing how they won. Also full menu added on initial screen load that allows players to customize their token (rather than just playing with X or O) and enter their names. Menu can only be toggled through the code as of now. Current problem is figuring out how to work out restart game, making it so that the board reloads with the same pieces and names as last time without the menu popping up. Menu reload is easy since it's just a simple location.reload(). This gets into the issue of 'state', and managing the whole program through a singular function that runs the whole thing which I haven't delved too far into yet as just because you wrap your whole program with a function, doesn't mean that all of its internal modules, factory functions, and methods will run. They still have to be connected through returns all the same.